[en]: kant update user guide (#5104)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/kant/user-guide/device/create-device.md

1. Navigate to the edge unit details page and select __Edge Resources__ -> __End Devices__ from the left menu.

2. Click the __Create Device__ button located at the top right corner of the end device list.

    <!--add image later-->

3. Enter the basic information.

>     - Device Name: Use a combination of lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens (-), and dots (.). Avoid consecutive separators and ensure the name starts and ends with a letter or number. The maximum character limit is 253.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Device Name: Use a combination of lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens (-), and periods (.). Avoid consecutive symbols and ensure the name starts and ends with a letter or number. It can have a maximum of 253 characters.
```

    - Namespace: Specify the namespace where the device resides. Namespaces help isolate resources from each other.
    - Device Model: The associated device model.
    - Access Protocol: The access protocol of the associated device model will be automatically filled in and cannot be modified here.
    - Description: Provide a brief description of the device.

    <!--add image later-->

> 4. Fill in the device settings, and you can add twins and labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Fill in the device settings, and you can add twins and tags.
```

    - __Tag__ : Optional. Classify and manage different device by assigning labels to them.

    ![Basic Info](../images/create-device-03.png)

    To add twins attributes, you can select the corresponding register type based on the
    device type and fill in the corresponding parameters. The parameter descriptions are as follows:

    - __Attribute Name__ : Required. The device property name.
    - __Desired Value__ : Optional. The desired value of the property, which can be filled when the access permission is Read or Write.
    - __Collection Interval__ : Optional. The interval at which data is collected from the device.
    - __Report Cycle__ : Optional. The interval at which data is reported from the device.
    - __Visitors__ : The method used to access the device property must be consistent with the mapper's access method when the platform is connected to the device.

    <!--add image later-->

5. Fill in __Access Settings__ .

    The access parameters for the platform to connect to the device should be provided in YAML format as follows:

    <!--add image later-->

> 6. Information Confirmation: Verify that the configured information is correct, then click __OK__ to complete the device creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Verify that the configured information is correct, then click __OK__ to complete the device creation.
```

    To add twins, you can select the corresponding register type based on the
    device type and fill in the corresponding parameters. The parameter descriptions are as follows:

    - Property Name: Required. The device property name.
    - Desired Value: Optional. The desired value of the property, which can be filled when the access permission is Read or Write.
    - Collection Interval: Optional. The interval at which data is collected from the device.
    - Reporting Interval: Optional. The interval at which data is reported from the device.

>     - Access Method: The method used to access the device property must be consistent with the mapper's access method when the platform is connected to the device.

Reviewer: 参考UI界面～
